---
sidebar_position: 2000
---

import Artifact from '@site/src/components/artifact/Artifact'

# Artifacts

**Note: All findings are summarized. You can find detailed entries & credits to each finder in the evidence vault linked at the end of the page.**

## 5 Star Artifact Sets

### Archaic Petra

<Artifact artifact="Archaic Petra">

* The 4-Piece set bonus requires you to pick up the shard with the set holder.
* Shards generated by Geovishap Hatchings don't activate the the 4 piece set bonus.
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Blizzard Strayer

<Artifact artifact="Blizzard Strayer">

* The 4-Piece set bonus does not snapshot. The CRIT Rate increase is Dynamic, and changes your CRIT Rate in real time.
* The 4-Piece set bonus does not apply on the hit that applies Frozen.
* Enemies with the “Frozen” aura do not count as “being Frozen” for the 4-Piece set bonus. They need to be literally Frozen. Otherwise, it will be treated as just a Cryo aura, and you get only 20% CRIT Rate.
* Blizzard Strayer gives CRIT Rate buff to reactions that would remove the Cryo/Frozen from the enemy.

</Artifact>

### Bloodstained Chivalry

<Artifact artifact="Bloodstained Chivalry">

* The 4-Piece set bonus does not apply if a co-op teammate, or an off-field character takes the kill.
* The 4-Piece set bonus is not lost when character is swapped out.
* The 4-Piece set bonus is not granted if the set holder gets a kill while off-field.
* You still require the minimum amount of stamina to perform a Charged Attack, your stamina just won't be reduced on execution.
* Stamina regen will continue even while performing Charged Attacks provided the buff is active allowing you to save stamina for dashing.
* The 4-Piece set bonus can be refreshed.
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Crimson Witch of Flames

<Artifact artifact="Crimson Witch of Flames">

* Bonus Reaction damage is still applied even if the set holder is off-field. However, the set holder does need to trigger the Reaction.
* Gaining a stack refreshes the duration of previous stacks.
* Stacks are maintained after swapping characters.
* A stack is still gained even if the player is interrupted during Elemental Skill cast.
* Ending a continuous Hold Skill \([Sayu or Yelan hE](/docs/evidence/characters/anemo/sayu.md#sayu-release-of-hold-skill-counts-as-using-elemental-skill) as examples\) by tapping E is considered "Using an Elemental Skill" for the sake of the 4-Piece set bonus. Letting the Skill end naturally does not.  
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Deepwood Memories

<Artifact artifact="Deepwood Memories">

* The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.

</Artifact>

### Echoes of an Offering

<Artifact artifact="Echoes of an Offering">

* The Flat DMG is not limited to single-target \(works in AoE\).
* It uses total ATK \(as expected\) including buffs from Bennett, 4-Piece Noblesse, and ATK from weapon passives.
* Hit registration occurs before evidence of it in the animation.
* The effect can be shared with subsequent attacks as long as they fit in the 0.05 second interval.
* Echoes will stack even when holder's Normal Attacks deal 0 damage.
* The 4-Piece effect triggers around 50.2% of the time *in theory assuming the set works exactly as written*.
* Trigger rate appears to fall off a little bit after 100-110 ping.  
* Further data that could point to the set working as intended but be subject to ping/possibly low FPS/character multi-hits quick enough to take advantage of the lag between server and client \(like Zhongli, or indicates that his spearkick is simply working differently compared to other multi-hits\).
* It can trigger the buff off-field, but does not gain stacks off-field.
* Ayato's second slash and first C6 strike seem to be linked. If the second slash is buffed by Echoes, the first C6 strike is also buffed. In turn, if the second slash is not buffed, the first strike will not be buffed either.
* Kazuha's 2-hit N3 is "not linked" but his 3-hit N5 is "linked". For more information see this [Vault Entry](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#kazuha-na-interaction-with-echoes).
* The set works weirdly with Tartaglia, for more information see this [Vault Entry](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#echoes-triggering-is-weird-and-inconsistent-for-tartaglia).
* How Tartaglia's N1 and N2 hits trigger Echoes differs depending on the tester. For more information see this [Vault Entry](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#tartaglias-n1-or-n2-procing-echoes-is-tester-dependent).
* How Yoimiya's N1 hits trigger Echoes differs depending on range.
* How Zhongli's spearkick hits trigger Echoes differs depending on the tester. For more information see this [Vault Entry](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#echoes-proc-on-zhongli-spearkick-attack-differs-between-tester).
* Zhongli's spearkick combos can fail to proc Echoes after 7, 8, or even 9 hits.
* For more testing results with Zhongli, see the following Vault Entries:
  * [Potade\#9775](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#more-zhongli-testing-data)
  * [Xreejan\#1180](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#more-zhongli-testing-data-at-160-ping)
  * [Latiwings\#3308](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#even-more-data-on-zhonglis-string-with-echoes)

</Artifact>

### Emblem of Severed Fate

<Artifact artifact="Emblem of Severed Fate">

* The base 100% ER and character ascension ER is counted towards the bonus.

</Artifact>

### Gladiator's Finale

<Artifact artifact="Gladiator's Finale" />

### Gilded Dreams

<Artifact artifact="Gilded Dreams">

* Gilded Dreams' 4-Piece effect does not apply to the hit that triggered it or the reactions triggered by that hit. - [Rare Possum\#0511](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#gilded-dreams)

</Artifact>

### Heart of Depth

<Artifact artifact="Heart of Depth">

* The effect will still trigger even if the player is interrupted during Elemental Skill cast.
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Husk of Opulent Dreams

<Artifact artifact="Husk of Opulent Dreams">

* The stacking mechanics are exactly as described, meaning stacks can be lost on-field and off-field, following the 6s timer.
* Stacks from the 4-Piece set bonus are gained when hitting an opponent with a Geo attack even when no damage is dealt (vs. Shielded or Immune targets).
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Lavawalker

<Artifact artifact="Lavawalker">

* The 4-Piece set holder does not have to be on-field to receive the 35% damage bonus.

</Artifact>

### Maiden Beloved

<Artifact artifact="Maiden Beloved">

* 4-Piece set bonus is applied to Prototype Amber's healing effect.
* The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.

</Artifact>

### Noblesse Oblige

<Artifact artifact="Noblesse Oblige">

* There are inconsistencies in whether a character wielding 4NO can receive the 4-pc Set Bonus on their Elemental Burst or not. Check the [Evidence Vault](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#self-4no-interactions) for more details.
* The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.

</Artifact>

### Ocean-Hued Clam

<Artifact artifact="Ocean-Hued Clam">

* The 4-Piece set bonus Bubble Damage is considered Physical Damage and can be boosted by Physical Resistance Reduction (eg: Superconduct).
* The 4-Piece set bonus Bubble Damage is not a blunt hit and does not shatter Frozen enemies.
* The 4-Piece set bonus Bubble Damage is independent of enemy defense.
* All healing from the 4-Piece set holder gets calculated for the Bubble Damage including overflow heals.
  * The 4-Piece set bonus counts initial heal as part of the Sea-Dyed Foam bubble damage.
  * Revives such as Barbara C6 and Qiqi C6 count for Sea-Dyed Foam bubble healing.
  * Heals (and overheals) from Black Sword will activate Ocean-Hued Clam.
  * A more extensive list of what dose and does not activate Ocean-Hued Clam can be found [here.](../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md#extensive-look-at-what-heals-count-for-ohc)
* The 4-Piece set bonus has a 1 bubble limit on field for single-player mode, shared by all 4-Piece set holders.
  * The 3.5s bubble formation ICD is not shared by all 4-Piece set holders.
* The 4-Piece set bonus only counts healing from the 4-Piece set holder. This is also the case with multiple Ocean Hued sets on the same team.
* The AOE range of the 4-Piece set bonus Sea-Dyed Foam bubble is 5.5m radius and it can hit multiple target at once.
* Bennett's elemental Burst does not proc the 4-Piece set bonus after the on-field character HP reaches 70%.
* The Sea-Dyed Foam bubble generated by the set bonus will disappear instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party. No Bubble Damage if the bubble ends this way.

</Artifact>

### Pale Flame

<Artifact artifact="Pale Flame">

* 4-Piece set bonus can be maintained indefinitely as long as the character's cooldown and cast time are less than 7 seconds.
* 4-Piece set bonus persists after swap.
* 4-Piece set bonus does not buff the hit that triggers it. The timing for when this buff begins is ping dependent, with higher ping resulting in a longer delay before the buff is applied.
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Retracing Bolide

<Artifact artifact="Retracing Bolide">

* The 4-Piece set has to be equipped to the character you want to buff, in most cases, your DPS character, not the character casting the shield.
* The 2-Piece shield strength effect only applies to the character equipping the artifact set, not the character creating the shield.

</Artifact>

### Shimenawa's Reminiscence

<Artifact artifact="Shimenawa's Reminiscence">

* The effect cannot be refreshed.
* Energy will not be drained by using elemental skill while the effect is active.
* The Energy drain effect has a 7-frame delay from when Elemental Skill is cast to when you actually lose Energy.
* The effect, including the Energy drain, will still trigger even if the player is interrupted during Elemental Skill cast.
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Tenacity of the Millelith

<Artifact artifact="Tenacity of the Millelith">

* The 4 piece effect of Tenacity of the Millelith activates with elemental skills hitting shielded enemies and dealing no damage.
* The 4 piece effect does not stack but its duration can be reset if there are multiple 4ToM wielders.
* The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.

</Artifact>

### Thundering Fury

<Artifact artifact="Thundering Fury">

* Damage boosts regarding reactions are additive with the multiplier from Elemental Mastery.
* 40% additional damage to Electro-related reactions is only applied if the set holder triggers the reaction. However, the set holder doesn't have to be active on-field.
* The 4-Piece set holder has to be active on-field to benefit from the cooldown reduction effect.
* Regarding how Electro-charged works with 4TF, If the 4-Piece set bonus is not on cooldown \(0.8s\), then the set bonus is not hampered by Electro-Charged’s 1 second ICD. As long as you can keep constant Hydro aura on the enemy you can switch between different elemental sources \(E1, E2, electro-imbued autoattacks, and Q\) to obtain E CDR.
* 4-Piece set effect of cooldown reduction can be triggered by non-damaging elemental applications.

</Artifact>

### Thundersoother

<Artifact artifact="Thundersoother">

* The 4-Piece set holder does not have to be on-field to receive the 35% damage bonus.

</Artifact>

### Vermillion Hereafter

<Artifact artifact="Vermillion Hereafter">

* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Viridescent Venerer

<Artifact artifact="Viridescent Venerer">

* Anemo supports that can proc multiple Swirl infused with different elements rapidly can have multiple elements resist debuffs applied at the same time.
* A single Anemo application on an enemy with Electro-charged will reduce both Hydro and Electro resistances.
* 4 piece Viridescent Venerer only shreds if the wearer is onfield during a Swirl that they trigger.
* 4 piece Viridescent Venerer’s RES Shred passive only buffs Swirl DMG against an enemy with a pre-existing aura.
* 4 piece Viridescent Venerer’s RES Shred passive also works on surrounding enemies after being affected by Swirl’s AoE.
* The 4 piece set effect's duration can be extended by hitlag.
* The attack that triggered the Swirl does not benefit from 4 piece Viridescent Venerer's RES Shred passive.
* Single target 4 piece Viridescent Venerer’s RES Shred applies instantly and is unaffected by ping. AoE RES Shred applies on damage, which is ping dependent.
* The active bonus timer will remain even when any piece is removed or the character equipping the set is swapped out of the team.

</Artifact>

### Wanderer's Troupe

<Artifact artifact="Wanderer's Troupe" />

## 4 Star Artifact Sets

### Berserker

<Artifact artifact="Berserker" />

### Brave Heart

<Artifact artifact="Brave Heart" />

### Defender's Will

<Artifact artifact="Defender's Will" />

### Gambler

<Artifact artifact="Gambler">

* The 15s CD of the 4 Piece Set Bonus will start upon any DMG output from an Elemental Skill, even if the Elemental Skill is not on cooldown.

</Artifact>

### Instructor

<Artifact artifact="Instructor">

* The 4-Piece set bonus requires its user to be on the field when the Elemental Reaction is triggered.
* The 4-Piece set bonus doesn't apply to the 1st hit/reaction that triggers it.
* Triggering another reaction during 4-Piece set buff extends its duration.
* The 4-Piece set bonus will not be activated by reactions on non-enemy entities (environmental objects, self-infused, etc.)
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

### Martial Artist

<Artifact artifact="Martial Artist" />

### Prayers for Destiny

<Artifact artifact="Prayers for Destiny">

* The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
* The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.

</Artifact>

### Prayers for Illumination

<Artifact artifact="Prayers for Illumination">

* The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
* The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.

</Artifact>

### Prayers to Springtime

<Artifact artifact="Prayers to Springtime">

* The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
* The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.

</Artifact>

### Prayers for Wisdom

<Artifact artifact="Prayers for Wisdom">

* The Tiara status resist 1-set effect applies even when not visually active.
* The Tiara works with Leyline disorders and is additive with elemental resonances, so you are able to get up to 80% debuff resistance.

</Artifact>

### Resolution of Sojourner

<Artifact artifact="Resolution of Sojourner" />

### Scholar

<Artifact artifact="Scholar" />

### The Exile

<Artifact artifact="The Exile">

* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.
* Energy regeneration doesn't start immediately, but after 2s, and ticks every 2s for 3 times.
* While the 2nd and 3rd Energy regeneration ticks occur with intervals of 2.02s ± 0.03s, the first tick occurs 0.08s \(5 frames\) slower \(statistically significant\) at 2.09s ± 0.06s for unknown reasons.
  * These timings aren't affected by different characters' different Burst animations times.  
* The Energy regeneration ticks are subject to hitlag.  
* Characters that have longer Energy consumption frames may not receive the first Energy regeneration tick.
* Rotations can affect the number of received Energy regeneration ticks.

</Artifact>

### Tiny Miracle

<Artifact artifact="Tiny Miracle">

* The 4-Piece set bonus does not apply to damage dealt to shields.
* The active bonus timer will end instantly when any piece is removed or when the holder leaves the party.

</Artifact>

## 3 Star Artifact Sets

### Adventurer

<Artifact artifact="Adventurer"/>

### Lucky Dog

<Artifact artifact="Lucky Dog"/>

### Traveling Doctor

<Artifact artifact="Traveling Doctor"/>

## Other Findings

* For transformative reactions, +80 EM is better than the reaction damage bonus from 4TF/CW at <=490 EM (before set bonus), while +160 EM is better than the reaction damage bonus from 4TF/CW at <=1498 EM (before set bonus).
* Below 842 EM, 2WT+2Ins set bonus brings more value than 4VV for Swirl damage before accounting for resistance.

## Evidence Vault

<Card item={require('../evidence/equipment/artifacts.md')} />
